[Google Scholar Profile](https://scholar.google.de/citations?user=8pJ9OFQAAAAJ&hl=de)
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Schopf, T., Vladika, J., Galkin, M., Simperl, E., & Matthes, F. (2022). A Decade of Knowledge Graphs in Natural Language Processing: A Survey. In Proceedings of the 2nd Conference of the Asia-Pacific Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics and the 12th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (AACL-IJCNLP).
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Voggenreiter, M., Gulraiz, A., & Matthes, F. (2022). Semantic Similarity-Based Clustering of Findings From Security Testing Tools. In Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Natural Language and Speech Processing (ICNLSP).
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Afzal, A., Vladika, J., Braun, D., & Matthes, F. (2023). Investigating Conversational Search Behavior for Domain Exploration. In European Conference on Information Retrieval (ECIR). <strong>*Best Student Short Paper Award*</strong>
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Rehtanz, N., Jokinen, K., & Matthes, F. (2023). Voice-Based Conversational Agents and Knowledge Graphs for Improving News Search in Assisted Living. In Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on PErvasive Technologies Related to Assistive Environments (PETRA).
- Voggenreiter, M., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, & Gulraiz, A. (2023). Aggregating Industrial Security Findings with Semantic Similarity-Based Techniques. In Practical Solutions for Diverse Real-World NLP Applications. Cham: Springer International Publishing.
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Rehtanz, N., Jokinen, K., & Matthes, F. (2023). From Data to Dialogue: Leveraging the Structure of Knowledge Graphs for Conversational Exploratory Search. In Proceedings of the 37th Pacific Asia Conference on Language, Information and Computation (PACLIC).
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Klettner, M., Jokinen, K., Simperl, E., & Matthes, F. (2024). Evaluating Large Language Models in Semantic Parsing for Conversational Question Answering over Knowledge Graphs. In Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Agents and Artiﬁcial Intelligence (ICAART).
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Klettner, M., Simperl, E., & Matthes, F. (2024). A Comparative Analysis of Conversational Large Language Models in Knowledge-Based Text Generation. In Proceedings of the 18th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL).
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Poelman, W., Rovatsos, M., & Matthes, F. (2024). Engineering Conversational Search Systems: A Review of Applications, Architectures, and Functional Components. In 6th Workshop on NLP for ConvAI (ACL). <strong>*Outstanding Paper Award*</strong>
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Machner, N., Jokinen, K., & Matthes, F. (2024). Bridging Information Gaps in Dialogues With Grounded Exchanges Using Knowledge Graphs. In Proceedings of the 25th Annual Meeting of the Special Interest Group on Discourse and Dialogue (SIGDIAL). 
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, & Matthes, F. (2024). Conversational Exploratory Search of Scholarly Publications Using Knowledge Graphs. 7th International Conference on Natural Language and Speech Processing (ICNLSP). 
- Dingsøyr, T., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Bergersen, G. R., & Lindsjørn, Y. (2024). Challenges in Understanding the Relationship between Teamwork Quality and Project Success in Large-Scale Agile Projects. In Proceedings of the 2024 IEEE/ACM 17th International Conference on Cooperative and Human Aspects of Software Engineering.
- <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, Schopf, T., Vladika, J., & Matthes, F. (2024). Enterprise Use Cases Combining Knowledge Graphs and Natural Language Processing. Informing Possible Future Worlds: Essays in Honour of Ulrich Frank. Logos Verlag Berlin.
- Vladika, J., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, & Matthes, F. (2024, May). HealthFC: Verifying Health Claims with Evidence-Based Medical Fact-Checking. In Proceedings of the 2024 Joint International Conference on Computational Linguistics, Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC-COLING).
- Jokinen, K., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, & Mori, T. (2024). Towards Harnessing Large Language Models for Comprehension of Conversational Grounding. In Proceedings of the 14th International Workshop on Spoken Dialogue Systems Technology (IWSDS).
- Vladika, J., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, & Matthes, F. (2024). MedREQAL: Examining Medical Knowledge Recall of Large Language Models via Question Answering. In Findings of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL).
- Kirmayr, J., Stappen, L., <strong>Schneider, P.</strong>, André, E., & Matthes, F. (2025). CarMem: Enhancing Long-Term Memory in LLM Voice Assistants through Category-Bounding. In Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Computational Linguistics: Industry Track (COLING).